# Grazioso Salvare Animal Rescue Dashboard
Animal Rescue Dashboard

•	How do you write programs that are maintainable, readable, and adaptable? Especially consider your work on the CRUD Python module from Project One, which you used to connect the dashboard widgets to the database in Project Two. What were the advantages of working in this way? How else could you use this CRUD Python module in the future?
	Programs that are maintainable, readable, and adaptable are modular. Creating classes, and the methods within them, allow for changes to be easily made at any point in development. For example, with one small change to the read() method in ProjectOne’s AnimalShelter class, all of the data from the AAC database was accessible in ProjectTwo web application. Working in this way is also beneficial because the classes and methods can be used in more than one project, like using CRUD to manage soil sample data. Additionally, following the standards for each language ensures that other users will be able to follow/read your program. 
•	How do you approach a problem as a computer scientist? Consider how you approached the database or dashboard requirements that Grazioso Salvare requested. How did your approach to this project differ from previous assignments in other courses? What techniques or strategies would you use in the future to create databases to meet other client requests?
	As a computer scientist, I approached Grazioso Salavare’s request/problem by first understanding the bigger picture and then breaking it down into its components - database, CRUD functionality, and the web application. From here, I was able to test each component against Grazioso’s requirements ensuring the final product would be to their expectations. This approach is one that I have improved upon with each course as I am able to fine tune my skills. I will continue to use this approach moving forward but with the expectation that additional knowledge will improve its efficiency.
•	What do computer scientists do, and why does it matter? How would your work on this type of project help a company, like Grazioso Salvare, to do their work better?
	At the broadest level, computer scientists solve problems using technology. Using technology to solve problems matters because it helps improve quality of life as it is applicable in most aspects - manufacturing, healthcare, environmental, etc. If you can dream it, you can likely find a way to create some variation of it using computer science. 	Grazioso Salvare is an excellent example of how computer science helps companies work better. Our solution to Grazioso’s problem enabled them to easily find rescue animals available for training from a local animal shelter. In the end, multiple parties reaped the benefits.  We satisfied the customer, assisted the Austin Animal Shelter free up space, gave some shelter dogs the chance to serve a greater purpose, and potentially saved many human lives.
